{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1038\cocoasubrtf360
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Verdana;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 LucidaGrande;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red237\green102\blue0;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs20 \cf0 Working with databases isn\'92t rock star work.\'a0 There\'92s not much to see, especially if you\'92ve done your job correctly.\'a0 It also can get a little dull, so I\'92ve tried to make it more interesting before we move on to the really boring CRUD work later.\'a0 In this assignment you will convert a database into a normalized, relational database and run some data-mining queries against it.\'a0\
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\b \cf0 Objectives
\b0 \
Completion of this assignment will show that you can:
\f1 \uc0\u8232 
\f0 \'a0\'a0 \'a0\'95\'a0\'a0 \'a0Apply normalization techniques to refactor relational database schemas.
\f1 \uc0\u8232 
\f0 \'a0\'a0 \'a0\'95\'a0\'a0 \'a0Perform basic SQL queries against a small database.\

\b Reading and Resources
\f1\b0 \uc0\u8232 
\f0 While your MAMP installation comes with the PHPmyAdmin web-based tool for administering databases, it\'92s ... well ... clunky.\'a0 There are plenty of free MySQL GUI tools, including:\

\b Sequel Pro:
\b0  http://www.sequelpro.com/ (Required, Download & Install )\

\b Navicat:
\b0  http://www.navicat.com/MySQL\

\b Workbench:
\b0  http://www.mysql.com/downloads/workbench/\
Any one of these tools has the functionality to allow you to complete the assignment.\

\b Watch:
\b0  {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://wddbs.com/go/sql-crud"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 http://wddbs.com/go/sql-crud}}\
Remember this is an example video from previous courses not the one you are working on. Videos would not cover everything you need to accomplish for this course so beginning of the week two\'a0 you need to get in touch with your instructor on ICHAT, so that you can get one on one assistance regards to getting your queries to run with your code.\
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\f1 \cf0 \uc0\u8232 
\f0\b How-to videos from previous terms:
\b0 \
http://wddbs.com/go/bdf-itunes-1\
http://wddbs.com/go/bdf-itunes-2\

\f1 \uc0\u8232 
\f0 Sitepoint has an excellent article on Understanding JOINs in MySQL and Other Relational Databases which may help if the explanation in the book isn't enough for you.\

\f1 \uc0\u8232 
\f0 As for the book, Chapters 8 through 10 ("Designing your Web Database" through "Working with your MySQL Database") in the Welling & Thomson book will be where you'll want to focus for the assignment.
\f1 \uc0\u8232 
\f0 \'a0
\f1 \uc0\u8232 
\f0\b Deliverables
\f1\b0 \uc0\u8232 
\f0 Upload the completed Word or PDF document and a SQL Dump. (Attach to this FSO assignment)\
}