{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1038\cocoasubrtf360
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Verdana;\f1\fmodern\fcharset0 Courier;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red237\green102\blue0;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs20 \cf0 This deliverable is designed to get you comfortable with your chosen language.\'a0 You\'92re going to perform the most basic of tasks: query a database to get all of the records and then display them on a page.\'a0 Each record will be linked to a details page that pulls up more information for the specified item.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa280\ql\qnatural

\b\fs36 \cf0 Objectives\
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\b0\fs20 \cf0 Completing this assignment will show that you:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}Can validate and work with URL parameters.\
{\listtext	\'95	}Can use URL parameters in SQL in a safe manner.\
{\listtext	\'95	}Can sanitize (HTML escape) outgoing dynamic data.\
{\listtext	\'95	}Can apply light logic (sorting and grouping) to transform data in a meaningful way.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa280\ql\qnatural

\b\fs36 \cf0 Reading and Resources\
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\b0\fs20 \cf0 Refer to the course ebook if you\'92ve chosen PHP, or your language\'92s documentation otherwise. Specifically, Chapter 11 ("Accessing Your MySQL Database From the Web") of the Welling & Thomson book will be helpful for this assignment. (It uses old 
\f1 mysqli
\f0  functions instead of the newer PDO, but you aren't being graded on your use of old-school or new-school techniques so it doesn't matter.)\
I've also prepared some walk-through videos:\
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://wddbs.com/go/php-app-1"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 http://wddbs.com/go/php-app-1}} (Basics)\
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://wddbs.com/go/php-app-2"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 http://wddbs.com/go/php-app-2}} (Model Classes)\
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://wddbs.com/go/php-app-3"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 http://wddbs.com/go/php-app-3}} (View Classes)\
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://wddbs.com/go/php-app-4"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 http://wddbs.com/go/php-app-4}} (Content types and REST)\
These videos don't walk you through the assignment, but they do show you how you can build server-side apps in an efficient and reusable manner. They are in PHP, but the same concepts could be applied to any language.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa280\ql\qnatural

\b\fs36 \cf0 Instructions\
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\b0\fs20 \cf0 As implied in the 
\i Objectives
\i0 , there are three main things going on here.\
Start with the home page, which is just a list of all of your primary noun records (tracks, mythical creatures, etc) grouped by your secondary noun (genre, culture, etc).\'a0 There doesn\'92t need to be anything more interesting about it\'97just a list of links.\'a0 The process of fetching, grouping, and printing records is a cornerstone of server-side development.\
Each link should go to the same details page, with an ID parameter passed in the URL.\'a0 For example, you might end up at 
\f1 detail.php?creature=123
\f0  or something similar. The ID doesn\'92t necessarily have to be numeric\'97you might have used a natural key such that \'93
\f1 goblin
\f0 \'94 is a valid ID.\
Your details page needs to use that URL parameter to look up the specific item in the database and display the additional data.\'a0 Be careful, though.\'a0 Working with data from the browser is tricky.\'a0 What happens if a user ...\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}Visits your details page without specifying an ID parameter?\
{\listtext	\'95	}Puts in an invalid ID, such as \'93
\f1 creature=0
\f0 \'94 or \'93
\f1 creature=zzz
\f0 \'94?\
{\listtext	\'95	}Puts something malicious in the ID, such as \'93
\f1 creature=0;DELETE+FROM+users
\f0 \'94?\
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural
\cf0 You 
\i must
\i0  use your language\'92s data type validation functions to ensure you\'92re getting the data you expect.\'a0 You also 
\i must
\i0  ensure to use proper query parameter binding and 
\i not
\i0  just embed variable values in your SQL.\
You should also ensure that garbage data in your database doesn\'92t break your page.\'a0 For example, output of \'93
\f1 I \'94 could break your page with the open angle bracket.\'a0 It should be HTML-encoded to \'93I \'94 as you output it to the pages.\'a0 This should be done to all outgoing data.\'a0 All server-side languages will have a function for this.
\f0 \
\'a0\
You will be building upon this assignment in future assignments.\
For this deliverable, you are only required to read from a table and display the records. Then click on a record to view a details page of that record. You will only be selecting data from your database so enter test data manually.\
In assignment 3.5 - Data CRUD, you will be expanding upon this to include Inserting, Updating, and Deleting or data.\
For this assignment, you will need to use the same database from assignment 2.2 Deliverable: SQL Database.\
Pick a table(s) for your project you described in your previous assignment "
\i 2.0 Group Chat Questions Week 2
\i0 " and add it to your database.\
Your code is required to be in MVC format as described in the videos above. You will loose substantial points if your code is not in an MVC format.\'a0\'a0Unless you are given direct permission, you are NOT to use an out-of-the-box framework.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa280\ql\qnatural

\b\fs36 \cf0 Deliverables\
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\b0\fs20 \cf0 Push your work to the shared Git repository.\'a0 Whatever is in the shared repository at midnight (EST) of the due date will be graded.\'a0 Late work will not be accepted.\
A full 10% of your grade for this deliverable is based on small, meaningful commits to Git.\'a0 For an assignment of this nature, you should probably commit at least 2-3 times per page, as you progress through each part.\
\'a0\
\'a0\
Refer to the rubric on your 'References' tab for grading information.\
\'a0\
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\b \cf0 You grade is based on:
\b0 \
URL Params: \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a020%\
Query Params: \'a0 \'a0 \'a020% \'a0 \'a0 \'a0(Are you coding against SQL Injection?)\
Details Page: \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a015%\
MVC Formatting: \'a0 30%\
Design: \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 10% \'a0 \'a0 \'a0(Add CSS and Styling)\
Commits: \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a05% \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 (You MUST submit and commit your code through GIT as your developing)\
}