{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1038\cocoasubrtf360
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Verdana;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs20 \cf0 Sad zombie is sad because this is the last zombie video.\
Now that your users can log in and out, they need something to do.\'a0 And what do all humans do when they\'92ve got nothing else to do?\'a0 Create more of themselves.\'a0 For this deliverable you will build out an administration system to let you manage user accounts via CRUD queries.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa280\ql\qnatural

\b\fs36 \cf0 Objective\
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\b0\fs20 \cf0 Completing this assignment will show that you can:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}Build a unified CRUD system for a given data table.\
{\listtext	\'95	}Handle both URL (GET) and Form (POST) data at the same time.\
{\listtext	\'95	}Restrict access via user authentication.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa280\ql\qnatural

\b\fs36 \cf0 Instructions\
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\b0\fs20 \cf0 This assignment requires you to build out several interfaces:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}Some way to identify a user/data to edit.\'a0 This might be a list of users, a search widget, or something more interesting.\'a0 Think back to your MVC Read Data assignment.\
{\listtext	\'95	}Some way to update the user/data information.\'a0 This may be a profile edit form, a super-user form, etc.\
{\listtext	\'95	}Some way to create new users/data.\'a0 This may be a registration page for the site, a super-user form, etc.\
{\listtext	\'95	}Some way to delete users/data.\
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural
\cf0 Remember to consider security: an unauthenticated user should not be able to update profiles, regular users should only be able to update or delete themselves, etc.\
How you structure your pages to perform these tasks is up to you but you must integrate the pages from the last 2 assignments into this one (MVC Read Data & MVC Login).\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa280\ql\qnatural

\b\fs36 \cf0 Deliverables\
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\b0\fs20 \cf0 Push your work to the shared Git repository.\'a0 Whatever is in the shared repository at midnight (EST) of the due date will be graded.\'a0 Late work will not be accepted.\
A full 10% of your grade for this deliverable is based on small, meaningful commits to Git.\'a0 These types of CRUD forms will take a while, so there should be plenty of opportunities for commits.\
\'a0\
Refer to the rubric on your References tab for grading information.\
\'a0\
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\b \cf0 You grade is based on:
\b0 \
Create: \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 15%\
Read \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a015%\
Update: \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a015%\
Delete: \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 15%\
Access Control: \'a0 \'a0 15%\
MVC & Design: \'a0 \'a0 \'a015% \'a0 \'a0 \'a0(Add CSS and styling, Use MVC formatting)\
Commits: \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a010% \'a0 \'a0 \'a0(You MUST submit and commit your code through GIT)\
}